1) Top line: hotel name, 2 ratings and the menu button.

2) 2nd line: anchor links to content in the page.

3) Then empty space to show the image in the background.

4) Then the name of the hotel.

5) Under hotel name a small paragraph of text.

6) Under that a search function for the user to check rates.

7) Then show the hotel brand logo, and the breadcrumbs to the city, province and homepage along with another paragraph about the hotel below that.

8) Will show photos of the hotel..

9) following that: reviews of the hotel.

10) then icons or images of the facilities.

11) below that (not shown in the mock up) room photos and room details section.

12) Bottom of the page: map to the location, and email, phone and address.

13) In the top right menu, when open will show the hotel brand logo, then a text letting people change from English to Thai version of the page, followed by the Email, then phone and address, finally a smaller location map of the hotel.
Blue: 2DAAE1
Green: 3AAA35
Yellow: F8B133
Red: E30613

"RESTAURANTS & BARS
Ocean Front Bistro & Beach Club
A delightfully spacious all day dining restaurant that serves a variety of local and international dishes. In addition to the a la carte menu there is also a daily changing breakfast, lunch buffet and salad bar buffet dinner selection.

- Breakfast: From 07:00 Hrs. – 10:00 Hrs.
- Lunch: From 11:00 Hrs. – 17:00 Hrs
- Dinner: From 18:00 Hrs. – 22:00 Hrs

L-Bay Stylist Lifestyle & Pool Bar
Dip yourself into our free – form swimming pool underneath tropical trees and flowers. Why don’t challenge someone a few strokes of free style and see who the winner is. After exercising some muscles, just sit back, relax and simply enjoy sun bath while sip our cocktails by the pool. Or do nothing and get the best out of these lazy moments.

Pool bar offers wide range of sweet and savory snacks, burgers and sandwiches, classic finger foods, fresh fruits, smoothies all day.

Alcoholic drinks of both local and international top brands of beers, wines, spirits and liquors are available as well as all sorts of coffee fancies.

If you are still looking for more, try our signature cocktails, both alcoholic and alcohol-free, that will make your afternoon by the pool a cooler one.

For weight watchers, light snacks and low-sugar drinks are also available i.e. salad, fresh fruits, yogurt drinks and etc.

L-Bay Stylist Lifestyle Open: From 07:00 Hrs. – 21:00 Hrs.
Pool Bar Open: From 07:00 Hrs. – 17:00 Hrs.

MEETING & CONFERENCES
Baan Laksasubha is the place where business can come along with pleasure. We have conference facilities to serve your business meeting at small to medium scales. Conference room can be arranged to accommodate up to 30 people. High quality LCD projector and notebook are to be provided. Team building activities can be arranged at different forms to strengthen company’s bonding.

Fresh air and out-off-the-office mission can stimulate fresh ideas and out-off-the-box vision.

ZAANTI SPA
Zaanti means 'peace'. Zaanti Spa is the best place to retreat your mind, body and soul. It is where you can experience the ultimate rejuvenation and relaxation. Enjoy the mysterious arts of massage coming along with the ancient herbal remedies Relax in a separate Balinese villa with heavenly surroundings.

FACILITIES & SERVICES
Hotel Facilities
- 24 Hour Guest Service & Information Desk --done
- 24 Hour Security Guard --done
- Restaurants & Bar --done
- Beach Restaurant for Banquets --done
- Room Service from 7 to 21 o’clock --done
- Conference Facilities --done
- ADSL (wireless comp. connection) in all rooms --done
- Thai Traditional Massage --done
- Souvenir Corner --done
- 2 Swimming pool and Pool Bar --done
- Children Swimming Pool --done
- Private Beach corner with Sun beds, Sun desks and Bar --done
- Kids' Conner
- Tour Desk
- Currency Exchange
- Car Parking
- Laundry & Dry Cleaning
- Baby Sitting
- Limousine/ Taxi Service
- Concierge"


==================== hotel review ========================

"Keng Poonyawanont 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
Hotel in a good location. but I stayed in garden villa room type, walk little far to beach front. Room facility is ok, clean. however I thought 3 bedrooms house should have a living room for family joining. But 3 bedrooms are seperated and door room not connect. Overall is good and beautiful.


Nora-Helen Vetaas 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
Close to beach, close to town. A beatiful resort with charming details.


Sasithorn hagiwara 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
โรงแรมน่ารักมากค่ะ บริการดีมาก พนักงานทุกท่านบริการดีมากยิ้มแย้มแจ่มใสตลอดเวลาเลยค่ะ แต่ทำความสะอาดห้องช้าไปหน่อยนะคะ ผ้าขนหนูมาช้าด้วยค่ะ และบริการสระว่ายน้ำปิดเร็วไปหน่อย น่าจะปิดซัก สองทุ่ม(ชอบมืดๆหน่อยว่ายตอนกลางวันซ่ะตัวแดงเลย ^^)


Petter Holst 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
Baan Laksasubha is just a great place to stay, very helpfull staff, good facilities and perfect location. The only negative experience (minor) this year was that the personell on the restauarnt seems to be untrained, they lost control if there was more than 3 tables occupied.


Yevgeniy Maryev 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
The beautiful, large area, excellent location, responsive personal.My were in June, there were few people living in the hotel, it plyus.Zavtrak was not as diverse as in the high period.No is not a minus, but by necessity. I am happy to stop at this hotel for 7-10 days.


Valaiporn Suwankulwilai 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
The place is lovely and fantastic. Good for family.


Timaporn 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
The accomodation is very comfortable,peaceful, large and clean.Perfect for children to have spaces to walk around. The service is very fast and considerate unlike we have read from a comment in the internet. Highly recommend for big family.


Zhu Xiaochun 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
room is ok, but the air conditioner is noisy as people comments. staff are good and very nice. it is excellent to have breakfast beside the see and you would able to have very good sun shine.


stephen k 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
Plesantly furnished, good ground with lots of trees and plants. Nice beach frontage. Requested for near the beach and was assigned a room the farest from the beach.


Kerry A Borland 
Baan Laksasubha, Hua Hin Beach, Naresdamri Rd.
Perfect holiday location, we stayed for 14 nights and could not speak more highly of the resort. Breakfast each morning gave a large varity for all taste buds, the staff were wonderfull go out of there way to help you. The accomadtion is very clean and well kepted. We will difinatley be returning."

